# Release 7: Reflect
### Kane Lee

* What Git concepts were you struggling with prior to the GPS session?
    - I believe that I understood the overall Git workflow, from unstaged all the way to the committed stage. Since I do not have much experience in Git, I do find myself slow when I am working through the repo; but I believe with more experience, I will be able to increase my speed and accuracy. The one issue during this GPS that my pair and I came upon, was using ``` git fetch ```. However, the problem may have also occured due to use switching driver and navigator roles earlier than the excercise intended for us. The solution to the ``` git fetch ``` was that it should have included ``` <remote> ```. In our situation, we put down the URL of the github, since this was something we did not entirely understand, until we did some more in depth research. Therefore, is we wanted to 'fetch' a branch from the remote repository branc ``` add-command-log ```. We should write ``` git fetch <remote> add-command-log ```, I believe.

* What concepts were clarified during the GPS?
    - I have only gone through the process of cloning a repository from GitHub to the local environment and pushing it back after making changes; so this was a great refresher, as well as understanding what the typical workflow on a project with multiple contributors would be like. The pull request area are like mini meeting rooms where a discussion occurs before any changes are committed.
* What questions did you ask your pair and the guide?
    - As this GPS was fairly simple and straightfoward, most of the questions were on git commands. We both were able to explain the different stages during the Git process, and we understood the material, and were able to follow the instructions without too much trouble. While we may have missed a few instructions, which caused us to backtrack slightly, I attribute this to nerves considering it was our first GPS.
* What still confuses you about Git?
    - As stated before, one of the problems that had confused us was ``` git fetch ```. We had first thought that we were having issues because of switching Driver and navigator positions early, so we left that problem for later. After researching, Nick Himmel found the solution to our ``` git fetch ``` problem. It was that we were using it incorrectly; as stated above, we were using the URL instead of ``` <remote> <branch> ```. After solving this problem, I do not believe that there is anything in Git that I have seen that is confusing.
* How was your first experience of pairing in a GPS?
    - I believe that this session went very well. While both of us did give our definitions as to what we believe are Driver and Navigator, both of us were somewhat subdued as Navigator, but after input from our guide at the end of our session, we continued on to finish the rest of the problem and I believe that for the most part we were able to fix the dynamic. As in the navigator was much more vocal on instructing, and the driver contributed with input and descriptions as he worked through the instructions of the navigator.
    - Honestly, as this problem was not very complicated, there was little difference to as how we approached the problem, and the issues that did come up, were things that we both were unfamiliar with.
    - It was great working with Nick Himmel.